H-603, BP-26: Add `Tech Tree` & `Structured Data` HDEV posts (#2155)
hashintel/hash: libs/@hashintel/type-editor/README.md

[block protocol]: https://blockprotocol.org/?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=github_readme_hash-repo_type-editor
[block protocol type system]: https://blockprotocol.org/docs/working-with-types?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=github_readme_hash-repo_type-editor
[embedding application]: https://blockprotocol.org/docs/blocks/environments?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=github_readme_hash-repo_type-editor
[hash]: https://hash.ai/?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=github_readme_hash-repo_type-editor
[hosted]: https://hash.ai/?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=github_readme_hash-repo_type-editor

# HASH (Entity) Type Editor

A component for editing **entity types** as defined in the [Block Protocol Type System] specification.

## Demo

> The type editor is in live within [HASH] and can either be tested by:

Author: ```suggestion
The type editor is currently in use within [HASH] and can either be tested by:
```

> The type editor is in live within [HASH] and can either be tested by:

Author: It was a typo, thanks!
